README.md, before:

Application of Big Data Project - NOUAR Alexandre & DURA Théo 
==============================

This is the project for the course named "Application of big data"

Project Organization
------------
    ├── README.md     
    ├── data               <- (This folder isn't commited on git)
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- (This folder isn't commited on git) Contains saved model as .pkl
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks
    │
    ├── predictions        <- Contains the predictions of the three models as csv files   
    │
    ├── conda.yml          <- The conda environnement properties                      
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    └── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
        ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
        │   
        ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
        │   └── build_features.py
        │
        └── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
            │                 predictions
            ├── predict_model.py
            └── train_model.py
--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>

Commit message:

Data, Models and mlruns added

README.md, after:

Application of Big Data Project - NOUAR Alexandre & DURA Théo 
==============================

This is the project for the course named "Application of big data"

Project Organization
------------
    ├── README.md     
    ├── data               <- (This folder isn't commited on git)
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- (This folder isn't on git) Contains saved model as .pkl
    │
    ├── mlruns             <- (This folder isn't on git) Contains mlflow runs (Our experiment and runs are on the "1" folder) 
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks
    │
    ├── predictions        <- Contains the predictions of the three models as csv files   
    │
    ├── conda.yml          <- The conda environnement properties                      
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    └── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
        ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
        │   
        ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
        │   └── build_features.py
        │
        └── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make
            │                 predictions
            ├── predict_model.py
            └── train_model.py
--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>
